OKTA-530526 LEA version of Inline Hook Mgmt API with OAuth 2.0 (#3604)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/inline-hooks-lea/index.md

          "value": "F0384685-F87D-474B-848D-2058AC5655A7"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Inline hook objects

The inline hook management API provides the following objects:

* [Inline hook object](#inline-hook-object)
* [Channel object](#channel-object)
* [Config object for HTTP headers](#config-object-for-http-headers)
* [Config object for OAuth 2.0](#config-object-for-oauth-2-0)

### Inline hook object

| Property       | Description                                                                                         | Data type                            | Nullable   | Unique   | Read-only   | Validation                                        |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| id             | Unique key for the inline hook                                                                     | String                              | FALSE      | TRUE     | TRUE       | System assigned                                          |

> | status         | Status of the inline hook. `INACTIVE` will block execution.                                         | String                              | FALSE      | FALSE    | FALSE      | System assigned. Will be either `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status         | Status of the inline hook. `INACTIVE` blocks execution.                                         | String                              | FALSE      | FALSE    | FALSE      | System assigned. Values supported: `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`.            |
```

        "type" : "HTTP",
        "version" : "1.0.0",
        "config" : {
            "uri" : "https://127.0.0.1:8080/inlineHook",
            "method" : "POST",
            "headers" : [
                {
                    "key" : "X-Other-Header",
                    "value" : "some-other-value"
                }
            ],
            "authScheme" : {
                "type" : "HEADER",
                "key" : "Authorization"
            }
        }
    },
    "created": "2018-05-15T01:23:08.000Z",
    "lastUpdated": "2018-05-15T01:23:08.000Z"
}
```

### Channel object

| Property | Description                                                                     | Data type                                | Nullable | Unique | Validation                                        |
|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|----------|--------|---------------------------------------------------|
| type     | The channel type. Must be `HTTP` or `OAUTH`.                  | channel type                             | FALSE    | FALSE  | TRUE|Must match a valid channel type.             |

> | version  | Version of the channel. The currently supported version is "1.0.0".             | String                                  | FALSE    | FALSE  | Must match a valid version number                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| version  | Version of the channel. Supported version: "1.0.0".             | String                                  | FALSE    | FALSE  | Must match a valid version number                |
```

| config   | Properties of the communications channel that are used to contact your external service. | [HTTP config](#config-object-for-http-headers) or [OAuth 2.0 config](#config-object-for-oauth-2-0)| FALSE    | FALSE  | Validation is determined by the specific channel. |

### Config object for HTTP headers

| Property   | Description                                                                                                | Data  type                                | Required | Unique | Read-only | Validation                                                                                                             |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|----------|--------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | uri        | External service endpoint to call to execute the inline hook handler                                      | String                                  | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     | Must begin with `https://`. Maximum length 1024 characters. No white space allowed. The URI must be reachable by Okta. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| uri        | External service endpoint to call to execute the inline hook handler                                      | String                                  | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     | Must begin with `https://`. Maximum length: 1024 characters. No white space allowed. The URI must be reachable by Okta. |
```

| headers    | An optional list of key/value pairs for headers that you should send with the request to the external service | JSON object                             | FALSE    | FALSE  | FALSE    | Some reserved headers, such as `Accept`, are disallowed.                                                               |
| authScheme | The authentication scheme to use for this request                                                       | [AuthScheme object](#authscheme-object) | FALSE    | FALSE  | FALSE    | Valid `authscheme` object|                                                                                            |

#### AuthScheme object

| Property | Description                                                                    | Data type   | Required   | Read-only |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- | ---------- | -------- |

> | type     | The authentication scheme type. The only supported type is `HEADER`. | String     | TRUE       | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type     | The authentication scheme type. Supported type: `HEADER`. | String     | TRUE       | FALSE    |
```

To use Basic Auth, set `type` to `HEADER`, `key` to `Authorization`, and `value` to the Base64-encoded string of "username:password". Ensure that you include the scheme (including the space) as part of the `value` parameter. For example, `Basic YWRtaW46c3VwZXJzZWNyZXQ=`. See [HTTP Basic Authentication](/books/api-security/authn/api-authentication-options/#http-basic-authentication).

### Config object for OAuth 2.0

| Property   | Description                                                                                                | DataType                                | Required | Unique | Read-only | Validation                                                                                                             |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|----------|--------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | uri        | External service endpoint to call to execute the inline hook handler                                      | String                                  | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     | Must begin with `https://`. Maximum length 1024 characters. No white space allowed. The URI must be reachable by Okta. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| uri        | External service endpoint to call to execute the inline hook handler                                      | String                                  | TRUE     | FALSE  | TRUE     | Must begin with `https://`. Maximum length: 1024 characters. No white space allowed. The URI must be reachable by Okta. |
```
